hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and welcome to the first episode of
something that I've been very excited to
share with you guys it's a series where
i showcase laptop setups from you guys
so starting from today you can upload a
video or photos of your setup and then
I'll kind of go through them once in a
while and find noteworthy ones to share
with the audience but the twist to this
is that not only do I want devices not
only do I want to see what stuff you're
using but I want to learn about what
you're creating or what you're doing
with your laptop so if you're a gamer or
a web developer or a hacker or a music
producer or an illustrator or whatever
it is that you do I want to learn about
it and I want to share that your
creation with our audience okay so to
kick this off this is my current loadout
I added videos on it and I play shooters
on it the messenger bag is from Jack
Spade it's a pretty simple bag in terms
of pockets and stuff but it fits
everything that I use each day and
because it's not particularly large it
forces me to keep things light for
laptops I usually spend an equal amount
of time on the 15-inch MacBook Pro and
the Dell XPS 15 but recently I've been
using the XPS more mostly because of a
bunch of Windows exclusive games this
one is fully Specht out with a 4k screen
I use a Kabuto mouse pad from Razer it's
super thin and I like how it even fits
inside the laptop if that's how you want
to carry it around buts just a simple
soft Mouse surface the wireless mouse I
use the most is the Logitech MX anywhere
2 it's basically a smaller sibling to
the MX master Mouse it uses bluetooth it
has long battery life and it's not very
big it fits into my hands nicely and it
works great even for gaming I use a few
external Samsung drives one of them is
filled with games and the other I use as
a media drive when I do video edits the
phone I use the most right now is the
iPhone 6s
I actually prefer using Android phones
particularly the 1+3 I still carry that
around but all of my family and most of
my friends are on iPhones and they all
use iMessage so the iPhone has a wicked
leash on me the earbuds that keep in my
daily setup are the Plantronics backbeat
fit they sound pretty good they're not
amazing but they fit my ears perfectly
and they're
durable see I don't like fragility on
things that I use every day and this
thing can take a beating now I have
access to significantly faster laptops
at work some of them with nine ATMs some
of them with sli cards I still prefer
the XK s because I like to keep my
loadout light and I really like the 4k
screen for video editing
realistically I do about two-thirds of
my video editing on this laptop it's
weird because I have access to desktops
that are so much faster but I just
prefer to use a laptop just sort of
convenience I also play most of my games
on this particular laptop with the 960m
the game that I play the most right now
is a shooter called overwatch you might
have heard of it it's an awesome game
I'm not amazing at it but I really enjoy
it and I've had the privilege of running
to some of you guys when I've been
playing and that's been awesome but
that's it that's my current loadout it's
what I use everyday it's what I carry
everyday it's what I use to create and
do almost everything that I do
well at least digitally in life so what
do you guys do I'm really curious if you
want to submit this is how you do it
first you need a photo that looks like
this you line everything up nicely and
take a top-down photo of your gear now
this type of photography is called no
lling photography you just want
everything lined up as straight as you
can and I'll be using this photo to
showcase your full setup so try to take
a really clean photo of your gear like
this and then for each item that you've
included take a couple photos but do it
in landscape like this so nice and wide
horizontal images vertical photos and
videos are a lot harder for me to use so
try to avoid those and then send me a
list of the items you have I don't need
detailed specs or anything just a simple
list would do and then if you can show
me what you do with your laptop like if
you're a photographer or a twitch
streamer or whatever it is if your
developer show me your app and tell me
what it does or if you want to show me a
clip where your teabagging people and
csgo you can send me that as well so I'm
excited to see what devices you guys are
using and what you're doing with them if
you want to send in a submission check
the video description below there's full
instructions there one last thing there
will be prizes I'll do a future video
where I kind of go through all that
stuff in more detail but in the meantime
I'd love to see what cool stuff you guys
are using and what you guys are doing
with it it's been nice see you guys next
time